Add fixed CVEs reference for runtime releases (#3785)
astronomer/docs: astro/runtime-release-notes.md

- Upgraded some OSS providers' minor and patch versions

### Security fixes

> - https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-30251

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CVE-2024-30251](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-30251)
```

Let's do them like this.

- Updated `sqlparse` to `0.5.0`.
- Upgraded [Gunicorn](https://gunicorn.org/) to `22.0.0`.

### Security fixes

- https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-4340 
- https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-1135 

#### Ignored CVEs

> - https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-34069 Werkzeug was Ignored ( Can only be fixed from Airflow)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-34069 (Airflow 2.8 can't use Werkzeug 3)
```

> - [CVE-2024-34069](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-34069) The underlying vulnerability of this CVE is only relevant to a small set of use cases and scenarios that don't affect the majority of Airflow users. Since the resolution would require significant changes to Airflow and its dependencies, this CVE has not been addressed at this time.

Reviewer 2: @jedcunningham - the wording here needs your 👍 before it goes out.

> - [CVE-2024-34069](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-34069) The underlying vulnerability of this CVE is only relevant to a small set of use cases and scenarios that don't affect the majority of Airflow users. Since the resolution would require significant changes to Airflow and its dependencies, this CVE has not been addressed at this time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [CVE-2024-34069](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-34069) The underlying vulnerability of this CVE is only relevant to a small set of use cases and scenarios, such as when hosting Airflow publicly on the internet, and is considered low risk for Astro and Software users. Because the resolution would require significant changes to Airflow and its dependencies, this CVE has not been addressed at this time.
```

For more information, see the [Apache Airflow release notes](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/release_notes.html#airflow-2-8-3-2024-03-11).

### Security fixes

> - https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-28746 

Author: ```suggestion
- [CVE-2024-28746](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-28746) 
```

For more information, see the [Apache Airflow release notes](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/release_notes.html#airflow-2-8-1-2024-01-19).

### Security fixes

- [CVE-2023-50944](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2023-50944)
- [CVE-2023-50943](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2023-50943) 

#### Ignored CVEs

 - [CVE-2024-25128](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-25128) (does not apply)

> 

Reviewer 2: I don't think we've included this kind of information in release notes before, the ignored CVE's. Are these things that customers ask about?

Author: The reason is that CVEs are public, they might see the CVE and wonder if it affects the image. Above, we didn't fix the CVE because it doesn't affect the image. If we don't have it there, they will ask questions. That said, I'm also a bit worried about the case of Werkzeug CVE which applies to the image and we didn't fix it cause we can't, except it's fixed in Airflow. @jedcunningham , I'm now thinking we should not mention such CVEs. WDYT?

>  - [CVE-2024-25128](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-25128) This CVE applies to OAuth 2.0 users. Attackers can gain unauthorized access to custom-built applications created with only certain versions of Flask-AppBuilder that use the OpenID 2.0 authorization protocol. This scenario does not apply to Astro Runtime users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - [CVE-2024-25128](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-25128) This CVE applies to OpenID users only. Attackers can gain unauthorized access to the Airflow UI by impersonating any Airflow user. Note this impacts OpenID only, which is long deprecated, and should not be confused with the more common OpenID Connect (ODIC). This scenario does not apply to Astro Runtime users.
```

- Revoking audit_log permission from all users except admin ([#37501](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/37501))
- Check permissions for ImportError ([#37468](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/37468))

### Security fixes

- [CVE-2024-26130](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-26130)
- [CVE-2024-27906](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-27906)
- [CVE-2024-26280](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-26280)

#### Ignored CVEs

> - [CVE-2024-34069](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-34069) The underlying vulnerability of this CVE is only relevant to a small set of use cases and scenarios that don't affect the majority of Airflow users. Since the resolution would require significant changes to Airflow and its dependencies, this CVE has not been addressed at this time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [CVE-2024-34069](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-34069) The underlying vulnerability of this CVE is only relevant to a small set of use cases and scenarios such as when hosting Airflow publicly on the internet, and is considered low risk for Astro and Software users. Because the resolution would require significant changes to Airflow and its dependencies, this CVE has not been addressed at this time.
```

- Fixed a bug where the **Cluster Activity** tab was missing from the Airflow UI.

### Security fixes

- [CVE-2024-4340](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-4340)

#### Ignored CVEs

> - [CVE-2024-25128](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-25128) This CVE applies to OAuth 2.0 users. Attackers can gain unauthorized access to custom-built applications created with only certain versions of Flask-AppBuilder that use the OpenID 2.0 authorization protocol. This scenario does not apply to Astro Runtime users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [CVE-2024-25128](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-25128) This CVE applies to OpenID users only. Attackers can gain unauthorized access to the Airflow UI by impersonating any Airflow user. Note this impacts OpenID only, which is long deprecated, and should not be confused with the more common OpenID Connect (ODIC). This scenario does not apply to Astro Runtime users.
```
